Update changelog.md (#456)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/changelog.md

Stay up-to-date with what's new and improved in the F5 NGINX One Console.

## April 30, 2025

> ### Alert on CVE impacting new/registered instance in the F5 NGINX One Console.
> We have added ability to alert user of F5 distributed cloud if CVE in N1 impacts instance in the F5 NGINX One Console.
> 
> ### Alert on new registered instance in the F5 NGINX One Console.
> We have added ability to alert user of F5 distributed cloud on when new instance is registered in the F5 NGINX One Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alert when CVEs impact registered instances

We now include an alert in the [F5 Distributed Cloud](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/platform/reference/alerts-reference) when affected by one or more CVEs.

### Alert on new registered instances 

We now include an alert in the [F5 Distributed Cloud](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/platform/reference/alerts-reference) when new instances are registered in the F5 NGINX One Console.
```
